{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red230\green0\blue14;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c93213\c13483\c4656;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs60 \cf2  DJI Phantom 3/4 laser altimeter installation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf2 Before we begin, there are some important warnings\'85\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 **WARNING** \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Modifying the DJI will void any warranties and could damage the aircraft. Only perform these modifications if you have adequate technical skills to \
perform the modifications.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 **Disclaimer** \cf2 \
The information provided by [Julian Dale or Duke University MaRRS Lab] (\'93we,\'94 \'93us\'94 or \'93our\'94) on [marineuas.net or Github/marrs-lab] (the \'93Site\'94) is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Site is provided in good faith, however we make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability or completeness of any information on the Site.\
\
Under no circumstance shall we have any liability to you for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the site or reliance on any information provided on the site. Your use of the site and your reliance on any information on the site is solely at your own risk. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 \
About the information included:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
I have produced tutorial video on how to install the power feed from the DJI battery. (By no means my best work but should provide the necessary information!!)\
This allows for the laser to power from the aircraft and will automatically start when the aircraft powers up. This saves weight and the risk of a separate power supply going flat. If you feel at all uncomfortable disassembling your aircraft, then use an external USB power bank or small LiPo battery.\
Please find the video tutorial here\
\
\
There are three folders containing ;\
\pard\tx20\tx240\pardeftab720\li240\fi-240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13200 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs22 STL\'92s for 3D printing the mounting frame.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13200 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs22 Arduino code and libraries for the sensors. I have included the instructions from Steve Dawson & Hamish Bowman\'92s (Departments of Marine Science and Geology, University of Otago, Dunedin New Zealand) This is all their work and code and I have just included this as a reference.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs26\fsmilli13200 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\fs22 Some assembly images and references. We have been using modified SF11C laser settings with good results over the water. Information on these settings are included in the assembly folder\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf2 Making Photogrammetry measurements:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf2 Because the laser altimeter is measuring a hypotenuse length, you need to calculate the vertical distance with a basic trig function. This can be done in excel.\
Once this is done, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/KCBierlich"}}{\fldrslt \ul KC Bierlich}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/wingtorres"}}{\fldrslt \ul Walter Torres}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/cbirdferrer"}}{\fldrslt \ul Clara Bird}} have developed some amazing tools for making the measurements in MorhhometriX and Collatrix for collating the data outputs. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/wingtorres/morphometrix"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/wingtorres/morphometrix}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/cbirdferrer/collatrix"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/cbirdferrer/collatrix}}\
}